<!-- Title: Calculating the area of convex polygons by their points with Haskell and ___ formula -->

<!--

    TODO:
        * Insert formula name in the title
        * INsert some cool explanation of what it means to be convex polygon.
-->

# Introduction

While participating in the *Programmeringshøst 2021* event at ITU, I solved an interesting geometry problem. Given a list of points ((x, y) coordinate sets) calculate the area the polygon that they create. The only promise given was that it formed a convex polyon. 

A convex polygon is ... [SEE TODO]

## Geometry: Triangles

The key solution to this problem is **TRIANGLES**-and who doesn't like trianlges?

The concept behind my solution is to "create" triangles within the polygon structure such that all of the internal area is covered by one or more triangles, and that no two triangles are overlapping.

This can be achieved by considering one point in the polygon and declaring it the "static point". For the remaineder for the calculation, you grab the next two points in either direction from the *static point* and then determine the area of that triangle. Then you move one point further along in the same direction, "dropping" the "closest" point to the *static point* and make the same calculation. The some point you return to the *static point* and all the triangles within the polygon has now been determined.

## Reading all of the points

## Triangles side length calculation

## __'s formula: determine any type of triangles area

## Final words

## Complete source code


